## Sept 13 - Mama Look a Boo Boo
Mama Look A Boo Boo - Harry Belafonte 
"Mama look a boo boo", they say
Their mother tell them "shut up your mouth, that's your daddy!"
"Oh no my daddy can't be ugly so'
My brother and I heard this song, when we were 8 and 10 respectively - on the family kenwood amplifier. My ears were next to the giant furniture speakers so as not miss a single word. And we would laugh uproariously at the chorus! For us, this song seemed perfect. It's about two naughty boys, a loving doting mother and a father who is always travelling. Yet, we could not for the life of us, imagine calling our father a Boo Boo and living to tell the tale. Thinking back, we've gotten slapped for lying, but somehow we were too timid for disrespect. I honestly wonder if we'd have gotten slapped or would my father have just been very disappointed, (which would have been the worse reaction). Back to the song, later on, I came to know how much of an amazing person Harry Belafonte was as - a singer, actor and as a strong civil rights activist, and my admiration of him has only grown. His biography My Song is there on my reading list -  hopefully it doesn't stay there too long.
She's Got a Way with Words - Blake Shelton Brad Paisley is the king of word play in songs (too many to list but One Beer Can comes to mind!) but in this oneBlake Shelton does one better and gets all the feelings of a break up just right with words - put in the FU in my Future, put the Y in Cry, S-O-B in sober, HANG in hangover! It took me a few listens to get it.
The Lord Knows I'm Drinking - Cal Smith I've always wished I could be like this guy. Do whatever the hell I want, and not worry about the religious aunties and uncles waiting to find fault with you and gossip about you everywhere. Obviously I do whatever I want, and am confident in my relationship (or rather lack of it) with God, but there's no way I'd have this level of confidence to tell off prying peeps.
A Front Row Seat to Hear Ole Johnny Sing - Shel Silverstein I love songs with stories and I love the stories that are written/sung by Shel Silverstein. A Boy Named Sue was one of my earliest country songs, still a fave. I appreciated it more when I realized that the song puts this guy's words in Johnny Cash's baritone voice - two gods in one song. Anyway, this song is one about this guy who goes to great lengths to hear Johnny Cash sing. It's actually got a Johnny Cash cameo, and if you know about Johnny Cash's concerts in prisons across the US, the twist in his tale is even funnier!
Where Were You When The World stopped Turning - Alan JacksonHave strong opinions of Americans and their over memorialization of 9/11. I love this song and get irritated by it at the same time. Love how he makes you think back to what you were thinking when you first heard about 9/11, and most likely you were in the middle of a mundane yet vitally important thing.  In a way, we Indians could learn from this song and make our national tragedies personal, so that they can be minimised in the future - I'm not restricting to terrorism - any national tragedy/natural disaster. Makes you want to remember every tragedy this way, bottle up the feeling and unleash it on hopeful and permanent remedies. Yet, his willful ignorance makes me angry. Firstly, I-ran and I-raq. Get the pronunciation right first before you attack these countries. I don't blame Alan Jackon, this is an American thing - very few take the trouble to get this right. Secondly, how can you be poltically ignorant about two countries who you are going to upend. Countries which actually had nothing really to do with 9/11 except in a roundabout way. So many changes in the world simply because of a desire just to lash out and not make a measured step. So much for faith, hope and love. So yes, Alan Jackson, you're one of my living legends, and this is a lovely song but it still makes me mad. 
